 Q 1:  How to write comments in CSS?
multi line comment ==> /* dfGgdgd*/
single line comments ==> //

Q 2 : why do you pseudo class?
Pseudo-classes let you apply a style to an element not only in relation to the content of the document tree, but also in relation to external factors like the history of the navigator ( :visited , for example), the status of its content (like :checked on certain form elements), or the position of the mouse.

Q 3 : How is specificity applied?
If there are more than two css properties applies on same element in that th selector have more
more specificity that property will be applied on that element.

Q 4 : What method allows an element to be moved from its current position?
move up, move down, move right, move left

Q 4 : what properties does flex model have?
display : Use box in HTML
flex direction : used to fix direction of flex item inside container
align items : Vertically align the flex items

Q 5 : What is the difference between flex and grids?
it is in one dimentional property, it is used in vertical or horizontal alignment in one simentional direction.

Q 6 : Give an example where you cannot use flexbox, and you can only use grids?
flex : navbar 
grid : calculator

Q 7 : What are combinators? give examples of how you can use them?
Combinators is something that explains relationship between selector;
simple selector : used to select elements based on class, id, name;
combinators :  used to select elements based relationship between of them
Pseudo-class selector: used to select elements based on certain state
Pseudo-element selector:used to select elements based on select and style a part of an element

Q 8 : What does object-fit do?
Image or vedio should be resized to fit its container.

Q 9 : what rules can br used to define animation?
The @ keyframe ruels specifies the animation. Animation is created by graduaaly 
changing from one set of css style to another. During the animation you can change the set of 
styles many times 

Q 10 : What does rotote do?
Transformation in plane that turns every point of preimage through a specified angle and direction
about fixed point.

Q 11: When working with attribute selectors, how can you select elements which contain a particular attribute value?
[attribute = "value"];

Q 12 : What does @media do?
@ media rule is used in media quries to apply different styles for different media types/devices.
Media quries can be used to check many things such as width,height of viewport.

Q 13 : What can be used to override properties of an element?
Add another css rule and give selector a higher specificity.adding additional tag id or class
to the selector.

or add css rule with same selector at later point than existing one.(wins last one defined)

Q 14 : How can you select every alternate elements in a list of elements using css?
i:nth-child(even)

Q 15 : What is the ranking of selectors with respect to specificity?
element - 0;
class - 10;
id = 100;

Q 16 : how can we apply same styles to multiple selectors?
Group css selector 

div, p, id, class{
    color:red;
}

Q 17 : What are the differences between relative and absolute in CSS?

Relative position : position is based on itself.
absolute position : position is based on its parent.